[3.11] Update OpenSSL in build container (#19183)
arangodb/arangodb: scripts/build/README.md

We want images to be tagged based on the version of the base images as well was the versions of the most important components.
For example `arangodb/build-alpine-x86_64:3.16-gcc11.2-openssl3.0.9`

> That image is based on Alpine 3.16 and has gcc 11.2 and OpenSSL 3.1.1 installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That image is based on Alpine 3.16 and has gcc 11.2 and OpenSSL 3.0.9 installed.
```
